whoami
==========

My name is Ilia and for the past almost 4 years I've been doing 
engineering of different kinds.
Currently, I am pushing frontiers of verifiable computation and 
working on formally verifying (there two "verify" roots refer to 
different things!)
cryptographic protocols at [Nethermind](https://www.nethermind.io/).

I am broadly interested in pretty low-level systems such as 
cryptographic protocols, virtual machines, compilers/interpreters, 
ISA and formal verification thereof. 
I find it extremely satisfying to be in control of bytecode level flow of a programm, feels 
almost like magic.

I've spent a solid chunk of my concious life working on dependent 
type theory and its models in higher categories so, naturally, I 
believe in correct-by-construction, formally-verified software 
(and hardware too!), although now I'm more on the pragmatic side 
of things. I consider myself the most proficient in Rust and 
Haskell but I am open to working in any programming language and 
don't have prejudice against any programming languages. I.e., 
would I be up to writting some Cobol? Totaly, if the project is 
interesting to me! 

why 1x dev
==========
We all have come accross those people that operate at the peek 
performance whether it's your collegue or a random user from X/
GitHub with anime profile pic. Those who everyone would usually 
call **10x** devs. I believe anyone can achieve **10x** 
performance and on my personal blog am going to journal my own 
progress from **1x** to **10x**. Let's see what happens!